## 邮件：建议+说明

### 20-2

#### 开篇

1.**I am quite pleased to** hear that you are looking for AI tools to promote learning efficiency.

2. Today, **I am writing to** make a commendation.

#### 中篇

##### 句型

1.**It is advisable for** you **to** try out serval AI tools in learning since **it is** by trying them out **that** you can know which one can suits your needs.

2.**A case in point is** myself. (举例)

3.**As** a senior who is preparing for the national entrance exam for postgraduate studies, **I** tried ... (举例说明)

4. ... is characterized by ...
5. This AI tool **can bring me** high efficiency, **inspire my passion for** learning, **and help me** save time and energy.

##### 构思

1. 建议多尝试几种不同的AI工具，找到最适合自己的。
2. 以自己举例。首先说明使用AI工具的背景，然后介绍几款AI工具，并说明最适合自己的AI工具的特点进行推荐。说明AI工具给自己带来了什么好处。

#### 结尾

1.**I am looking forward to** discussing more details of the AI tools after you use them.

#### 范文

Dear Sky,

I am so pleased to hear that you are looking for AI tools to promote learning efficiency. Today, I am writing to make a commendation.

It is advisable for you to try out serval AI tools in learning since it is by trying them out that you can know which one can best suits you needs. A case in point is myself. As a senior who is preparing for the national entrance exam for postgraduate studies, I tried ChatGPT, Kimi and Deepseek. In the end, I chose ChatGPT, which is characterized by its excellent performance in information collection. This AI tool can bring me high efficiency, inspire my passion for learning, and help me save time and energy.

I am looking forward to discussing more details of the AI tools after you use them.

yours sincerey,

Li Ming
