## 邮件：推荐+说明

### 17年小作文

#### 自撰

修改前：

Dear James,

I am so pleased to hear that you have arrived at our city safely. I am writing to recommend some tourist attractions in the city to you.

There are serval locations you can attend to play, but actually, in this city the delicious food is valuable to try is much more than acttractions are fun to play. Firstly, it is advisable for you to go to Zhong Bo, which is a famous place to try a variety of food. In the city, Suan Tang is suggested to try, as well as the Mi Fen. These kinds of food is very delicious for both our locals and others from besides. In addition, if you want to go to place can relax your body, you can go to Mount Xiao Gao to enjoy the natural views. On the top of the mountain, you can see entire city and other lofty mountains around the city.

I am looking forward to your reply after you enjoy these recommendations.

Yours,
Li Ming.


修改后：

Dear James,

I am very pleased to hear that you have **arrived in** our city safely. I am **writing to recommend** some tourist attractions in the city for you to visit.

There are several locations you can visit for sightseeing, but the local food is even more worth trying than the attractions. Firstly, **it is advisable for you** to go to Zhong Bo, which is a famous food market where you can try a wide variety of dishes. **In particular, you shuold try** Suan Tang and Mi Fen, two local specialties. These dishes are popular with both locals and visitors. In addition, **if you want to relax, you can** visit Mount Xiao Gao to enjoy the scenery. From the top, you can see the whole city and the surrounding high mountains.

**I am looking forward to hearing from you** after you are tried these recommendations.

Yours sincerely,
Li Ming.

#### 范文

Dear Prof. James Cook,

Welcome to China. Since I know you love traveling, I'm writing this for you to recommend to you one of my favorite scenic spots —— Harbin, which is an old northern city of China.

I think you must like it for the following reasons. To begin with, there are many beautiful scenic spots, such as the Ice and Snow Kingdom in winter, the Sun Island, the Central Street and so on. In addition, in the ordinary streets, you can taste a large veriety of local 7snacks. Last but not least, Harbin people are very hospitable, which is famous in China.

Owing to the reasons discussed above, I won't hesitate to recommend these scenic spots to you. I am sure you will enjoy it.

Yours sincerely,

Li Ming


#### 句型

1. To begin with / In addition / Last but not least / Therefore / I highly recommend（衔接句）
